TENGOKU-DAIMAKYO
-[drums beating]
-[whistles blowing]
[protesters chanting]
No more human experiments!
[protester 1] You can't cut people up
for your stupid little experiments!
People don't do that!
FREE THE PATIENTS
STOP HUMAN EXPERIMENTS
[protester 1]
That's right. You're all monsters!
-[chanting continues]
-[shouting]
[protester 2 screams]
[grunting]
[grunts] Bastards!
If that's how you wanna play…
-[shouts]
-[crowd gasps]
[screams]
[grunts]
-[groaning]
-[protester 3] How could they do this?
[protester 4] Is she okay?
This is unbelievable.
-[chattering]
-That's foul!
[all] Violence is wrong!
Violence is wrong!
One little rock,
and all hell breaks loose, huh?
Oh, yeah. Most of the time,
that's all it takes with these weirdos.
Although, they do seem
a little extra weird today.
Look. They're retreating already.
Normally, they'd at least stick around
and yell for a while.
That makes it sound like
they wanted that to happen.
But why?
Well, it could be a tactic
to gain leverage.
They may use that injury to make demands.
They can't do that. They threw it first.
-[sighs]
-Hmm?
You think reason actually matters
to people like them?
When they do it, it's virtuous.
When others do it, it's an "attack."
[protestors chattering]
-[protester 5] Come on. Let us see her.
-[protestor 6] Excuse me. Please.
I'm coming through.
[chattering continues]
[panting]
[breathing heavily]
I was able to confirm
with our guard on watch.
He said the monster in the basement
really is dead.
[Kuwata] Is that so?
Then let's not waste time.
My friends, I have news.
[sighs] Miss Mizuhashi…
has passed away.
[gasp, exclaim]
[wailing]
[Kuwata] Let us all remember
that our leader was tortured, butchered.
And yet, she refused to yield.
She worked every day
to save the test subjects still held
captive by the villainous Immortal Order.
They must answer for her murder!
Grab your weapons!
[shouting]
Here goes nothing.
[sighs]
There you are.
Hey, Doc.
My hand started squeaking real bad.
[metal hand squeaking]
[Usami] Have someone spray it
with oil or silicon spray.
Just a little right here should be enough.
[parent] Doctor.
My daughter can't figure out
how to control the grip strength
of her prosthetic.
-Is there anything you can do?
-[grunts]
No, ma'am. She'll get used to it.
Doctor, wait. I got a question.
-Let's go.
-[gasps]
Are you sure?
It'll never end.
In here.
Please know
I don't want to ask this of you.
But I need to know
if you can help her die.
[machines beeping]
[Maru] Hey.
You think this is
what Mizuhashi was talking about?
[gasps, groans]
[breathes heavily] Is this how
he's developed his treatments here?
[gasps, groans]
If you wanna let her die,
why don't you just turn off the machines?
[Usami] She'd become a monster,
like the one you just killed.
[both gasp]
No. What?
She's going to become a Man-eater?
Does that mean
that all Man-eaters are human?
Well, they used to be, yes.
They were humans
who died of a particular disease.
You can slow the progression.
But it's not pretty.
All affected tissue
must be completely excised or amputated,
cut out to the very core.
Though despite even heroic efforts,
patients will relapse eventually.
Over and over.
And when they do,
you have to amputate again.
Once it became clear that her body
would no longer function on its own,
I assembled these devices
to help prolong her life.
But we've been at this
for a long time now.
And I believe
she's finally reached her limit.
If you could do to her
whatever you did in the basement,
she may be able to die with dignity
as a human.
Uh…
[Usami] It's our only hope.
[machines beeping]
It'll work.
You can do it then?
I can, yeah, but what does she want?
She can communicate through that tablet.
And she can hear us. So let's see.
-[gasps]
-[sighs]
All right. Can she be moved outside?
Not without her life support, no.
[sighs]
-[door opens]
-[Kiruko] Let's see.
It's only this far.
That's like, what, 30 feet?
We'll help move everything.
Then we'll let her go. Do we have a deal?
[Usami] Yes. That's right.
Gently now.
[Maru] Gently.
[Usami] Keep that close to her, would you?
Yeah, okay. [grunts]
-[Usami] And put this by her side as well.
-[Kiruko] Mmm.
[groans] Too short. I need another cord.
Would you go stand in her line of sight
for a moment?
She won't be able to hear anything
while I do this.
Mmm.
[grunts]
[equipment clanking]
-[loud clang]
-[gasps]
[gasps] I'm sorry!
Calling me an idiot…
[chuckles]
[protestors screaming]
The stairs are blocked off, boss.
-[protestor 1] We gotta go around!
-[all shout]
-Come on. There's another way this way.
-Let's go around!
-Grab your weapons! Let's go!
-They still don't suspect me, right?
Hey, guys!
So, let's-- [grunts]
[grunts]
-[gasping]
-[metal clanking]
[groans]
-[breathing heavily]
-[body thuds]
[gasp]
[protester 2] This traitor's
only the first to pay the price.
-You're right. Let's get them!
-Miss Mizuhashi will be avenged!
Go do what must be done.
-[protestors shouting]
-[Immortal Order member] Red alert!
The Whiteshirts are on our doorstep,
and they're armed to the teeth!
[grunts] Those maniacs.
So much for being nonviolent.
Everyone, move upstairs!
Those who are mobile, assist the wounded!
-[people chattering]
-[gasps]
[chuckles]
[Hoshio breathing heavily]
[glass shattering in distance]
[shouting in distance]
[gasps] Whoa. What's going on up there?
-[Usami] It doesn't matter.
-[gasps]
[shouting continues]
[protestor] Looks like a decoy!
Leave it, and let's go!
[Hoshio continues breathing heavily]
[breathing shakily]
[grunts]
[wind whistling]
[breathes shakily]
[Usami] Maybe it would've been easier
to just let her become a monster.
I made her suffer
for so much longer than she ever deserved.
[sighs, gasps]
Hey, Maru. Look at this.
[sighs]
[gasps]
Usami, the tablet!
[footsteps approaching]
THANK YOU
[Usami sobs]
[sobbing continues]
[Immortal Order member]
Did everyone make it? Is anyone else hurt?
[chattering]
Naito's dead.
He was the first to go confront them.
Damn them.
[sighs] Huh?
Doctor!
[grunts] You're all right.
Sorry, sir. Apparently Mizuhashi died,
so they all broke in screaming.
Do we need to retrieve
Miss Hoshio's generators?
We'll go back right now.
No need. She's dead.
[both gasp]
-[grunts]
-She's dead.
Don't tell me…
Did they hurt her?
[Usami] No, she died a natural death.
There should be a settlement here.
Can you make it there before sundown?
Maybe, but are you not coming with us?
I'll have the young guards escort me
once I give Hoshio a proper burial.
You should all go on ahead.
-[people chattering]
-[patron grunting] Let's go.
[patron 2] That was our home.
Why do we have to get chased out?
[Maru] Because I killed that Hiruko
in the basement.
None of this
would've ever happened otherwise.
-Maru--
-[Usami] It's fine.
Almost all the facilities in that building
were made for her.
And they're no longer necessary.
But there are still wounded.
There are still tons of people
who want to be treated by you.
[Usami] I'm not a doctor.
I made someone a prosthetic hand
on a whim one day.
And he spread the word.
I don't even remember why I did that now.
No, wait. Yes, I do.
It made her happy when I built things.
It always did.
It was always about her.
Not them.
I am not a doctor.
[Kuwata] Incredible.
Do you realize
what we can accomplish here?
With this many power generators,
we could build a real city.
A new capital for this broken world.
A new culture!
Let this be the end of childish factions.
Under my steady leadership,
a new order, a new nation will rise!
The future is ours!
[rumbles]
[Kiruko] Uh, excuse me.
Hmm?
I really am sorry to bother you.
But have you run into
either of these guys?
The one on the left here is a doctor.
[patron 3] Don't think I know him.
Yeah, I would remember that scar.
Features like that
are kind of hard to forget.
He hasn't come by in the three years
I've been here, that's for certain.
Mmm. But doesn't this handsome fella
look a lot like Dr. Inazaki?
[gasps] What?
Oh, yeah! You're right.
That is Dr. Inazaki.
He spent some time with us not long before
the Whiteshirts started messing around.
Maybe about two years ago.
Oh, yeah. Then one day, he just left.
Didn't even say goodbye.
[patron 4]
He had some surgical knowledge already,
so he'd been studying
Dr. Usami's techniques.
[patron 5] Always figured he left
to go help folks somewhere else.
He was a good guy.
Robin's alive.
[sobbing]
You're alive. I knew you had to be.
I'm gonna find you.
I have to see you!
-[Maru] Sis.
-[gasps]
I asked if you really wanted
to escort Usami?
Oh.
I don't know.
But if he can pay us in information,
I don't see why not.
[sighs] That mean you're gonna
ask him about Robin?
You-- Why do you always say it like that?
Mmm.
[grunts]
[sighs]
Is Usami done up there yet?
[crow screeching]
[crow flapping]
[hammer cocks]
[gunshot]
[both gasp]
-[panting]
-[footsteps approaching]
-[door clangs]
-[panting]
[gasps]
What-- [cries]
Damn it.
Maru?
[Maru]
I'm the total opposite of guys like him.
Or Robin.
I can't help people.
My hands only bring death!
[sobs]
[sobbing] Shut up.
Don't say that, you idiot.
[crying] Don't you dare say that.
You hear me?
When you kill Man-eaters,
that means they can't kill anyone else.
Your hands are saving everyone!
[breathes shakily]
[exclaiming, laughing]
[sighs]
[blowing]
[gasps]
[sighs]
Oh, where am I? What is this place?
It's so dark.
I don't like this.
It's scary. [breathes shakily]
[whimpers]
Help me.
[footsteps approaching]
[gasps]
[sighs]
You're here too?
Well, now.
This isn't scary at all.
[people laughing]
[humming]
[giggles]
Uh, hey.
What's got you acting all giggly today?
I don't know. Nothing really.
I just had a dream last night
that made me happy.
Oh, yeah? About what?
[giggles]
I don't even remember now.